chore(core): add changeset files (#2926)
logto-io/logto: .changeset-staged/tender-maps-burn.md

---
"@logto/console": minor
"@logto/core": minor
"@logto/integration-tests": minor
"@logto/schemas": minor
"@logto/ui": minor
---

> Replace the `sms` naming conventiion using `phone` cross logto codebase. Including Sign In Experience type, API paths, API payload and internal variable name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the `sms` naming convention using `phone` cross logto codebase. Including Sign-in Experience types, API paths, API payload, and internal variable names.
```
